[MM-550] Update Servicenow documentation for adding API secret (#7243)
mattermost/docs: source/integrate/servicenow-interoperability.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1. In Mattermost, copy the **Webhook Secret** from your Mattermost instance by going to **System Console > Plugins > ServiceNow**.

> 2. In your ServiceNow instance, go to **All > x_830655_mm_std_servicenow_for_mattermost_notifications_auth.list**. (*Note*: You need to enter the complete name and search)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your ServiceNow instance, go to **All > x_830655_mm_std_servicenow_for_mattermost_notifications_auth.list**. (**Note**: You must enter the complete name and search.)
```

> 3. On the page, open the row containing your Mattermost Server URL. If the row is not present, you can create one by clicking on the "New" button in top right corner and adding your Mattermsot server URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the page, select the row containing your Mattermost Server URL. If that row doesn't exist, create it manually by selecting **New** located in the top-right corner, and adding your Mattermost Server URL.
```
